A couple of matters:

1) The physics clinic is on for next week, Mon and Tue from 7 - 9 pm
in the physics lounge (Stokes 107). Jamie Sundquist and Aaron
Rosenberg will be staffing it.

2) By popular demand the recitations from now on will be scheduled
from 2 - 3 pm, since the observatory is free both Tue and Wed at that
time and everyone should be free during that hour.

3) Labs are due a week after the lab and are to be turned in either in
the recitation or in the box marked "Physics 102" outside my office.

You can download a new Course Information sheet from the web page
which outlines this.

Finally, a question came up in recitation today about whether the
frequency or the wavelength of a traveling wave will change if the
speed of propagation changes. One situation involved an organ
pipe. This produces very specific resonant wavelengths which depend on
the cavity length of the pipe. If we assume that the cavity stays at
the same length, then the resonant wavelength will not change when the
sound is produced. Thus, a change in the sound velocity in air would
mean in this case that the frequency has changed, since the wavelength
does not change. In another situation, we had a wire under tension. If
we bang on this wire (to produce waves) at a certain rate, then we are
fixing the frequency (i.e., the rate at which waves are produced). In
this case, the wavelength will change when the propagation velocity
changes (as the tension changes). So in short, whether the wavelength
or frequency changes when there is a change in propagation velocity
will depend on what you are holding fixed when you are producing the
waves.
